Add missing-key flag to manage behavior in case of non-existing key (#1949)
hairyhenderson/gomplate: docs/content/usage.md

<a href="https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/diploma_legal_notes.png">Diploma Legal Notes</a>
```

### `--missing-key`

> Changes behavior if key not exist in the datasource.

Reviewer: this isn't just for datasources, so should be written to be more general, and I think a reference to https://pkg.go.dev/text/template#Template.Option is worthwhile

Available values:

> - `error` (default) - Exit with error if key not exist
> - `default`, `invalid` or `zero` - prints `<no value>` if key not exist

Reviewer: Because there _might_ be situations where a non-`nil` zero value is present, I think this should be split up. And, we can take the wording from the Go docs too for consistency:

```suggestion
- `error` (default): Execution stops immediately with an error.
- `default` or `invalid`: Do nothing and continue execution. If printed, the result is the string `"<no value>"`.
- `zero`: The operation returns the zero value for the element (which may be `nil`, in which case the string `"<no value>"` is printed).
```
